README.md, before:

# mmstrace

Jackie Angus : strace script for Magento on stratus

Good for finding the reason for a slow page or non-admin page that is giving an error. Just paste in the url of the page you want to strace. Remove this script once testing is complete.

Must be in Magento root ( pub folder for M2.1 or 2.2 template)

wget https://github.com/magemojo/mmstrace/raw/master/mmstrace.tar.gz;tar -xvzf mmstrace.tar.gz;chmod u+x mmstrace.py;./mmstrace.py

2/5/2020 Removed MHM section. Added query string usage & Redis activity. Added core_session and core_cache usage detection. 
9/29/2019 changed slow query and path list to 10 instead of 5. Added top tables accessed and count.

# blackflip.sh

Justin Waggoner

Backflip v4.0 is now available. Backflip is a multi-use backup utility. It automatically extracts Stratus details such as the MySQL username, MySQL password, and MySQL database name for a nice POC-friendly MySQL dump. The script will dump and package everything neatly and report to you the location of the generated backup. All you have to do is press a key, enter a doc root and Backflip will do the rest.

3.3 additions: This version eliminates the need for Magento version checking and pulls MySQL data straight from Stratus courtesy of Ian, and features store-friendly nice MySQL dumps for almost zero POC hits.

# dns.sh

Steven Jackson

DNS quick-script to show WHOIS info, DNS records, mail records, DKIM, SSL info. 

# mmautoban.py

Jackie Angus

Autoblocks IPs & carts from carding attacks and/or TOR exit nodes as a crondepending on options you choose. Will not work at other hosts. 

Download to /srv/mmautoban/

wget https://github.com/magemojo/mmstrace/raw/master/mmautoban.py

create nginx config files: 
touch /srv/.nginx/server_level/mmautoban.conf
touch /srv/.nginx/server_level/mmautobancarts.conf
touch /srv/.nginx/server_level/mmautobantor.conf

For carding attack blocking: Set cron to run every 1min: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --carding >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log

To unban IPs & carts, set separate cron to run every 2hrs: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --unban >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log

For TOR exit node blocking: Set cron to run once a day to check for updates: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --torexits >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautobanTOR.log

Logs/stats will be in /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log or mmautobanTOR.log accordingly.


# magento-mirror-1.9.4.5.tar.gz

magento.com

Latest Copy of Magento 1 for our customers that still want it installed.

Commit message:

Less aggressive options added for carding

README.md, after:

# mmstrace

Jackie Angus : strace script for Magento on stratus

Good for finding the reason for a slow page or non-admin page that is giving an error. Just paste in the url of the page you want to strace. Remove this script once testing is complete.

Must be in Magento root ( pub folder for M2.1 or 2.2 template)

wget https://github.com/magemojo/mmstrace/raw/master/mmstrace.tar.gz;tar -xvzf mmstrace.tar.gz;chmod u+x mmstrace.py;./mmstrace.py

2/5/2020 Removed MHM section. Added query string usage & Redis activity. Added core_session and core_cache usage detection. 
9/29/2019 changed slow query and path list to 10 instead of 5. Added top tables accessed and count.

# blackflip.sh

Justin Waggoner

Backflip v4.0 is now available. Backflip is a multi-use backup utility. It automatically extracts Stratus details such as the MySQL username, MySQL password, and MySQL database name for a nice POC-friendly MySQL dump. The script will dump and package everything neatly and report to you the location of the generated backup. All you have to do is press a key, enter a doc root and Backflip will do the rest.

3.3 additions: This version eliminates the need for Magento version checking and pulls MySQL data straight from Stratus courtesy of Ian, and features store-friendly nice MySQL dumps for almost zero POC hits.

# dns.sh

Steven Jackson

DNS quick-script to show WHOIS info, DNS records, mail records, DKIM, SSL info. 

# mmautoban.py

Jackie Angus

Autoblocks IPs & carts from carding attacks and/or TOR exit nodes as a cron depending on options you choose. Will not work at other hosts. 

Download to /srv/mmautoban/

wget https://github.com/magemojo/mmstrace/raw/master/mmautoban.py

For carding attack blocking: Set cron to run every 1min: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --carding 3 >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log

To unban IPs & carts, set separate cron to run every 2hrs: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --unban >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log

For TOR exit node blocking: Set cron to run once a day to check for updates: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --torexits >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautobanTOR.log

Option: --carding <NUM>
For carding attacks to payment-information API URL: 
<NUM> is the number of times an IP or cart can return a 400 before being banned. 
1 is very aggressive and should be used only when under active attack by several different ranges of IPs. This is because a legit customer can also receive a 400 error when a card is denied, or they enter the wrong zipcode.  
Set cron every 1min example: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --carding 3 >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log
Logs/stats will be in /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log

Option: --unban
To unban previously banned carts/IPs unless the store is currently under attack. 
Set cron every 2hrs: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --unban >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log
Logs for unban will be in /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log

Option: --torexits
Blocks TOR exit nodes and keeps the list up to date via cron
Set cron to once a day: /usr/bin/python /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.py --torexits >> /srv/mmautoban/mmautoban.log
Logs for TOR will be in /srv/mmautoban/mmautobanTOR.log


# magento-mirror-1.9.4.5.tar.gz

magento.com

Latest Copy of Magento 1 for our customers that still want it installed.
